Omera Notes
-----------



Players: 1-4 kids


NPCs
----

Main kid lives with uncle Tam. Tam is a grumpy old man who seems to care more for his pigs than the kid. Truth is he has lost too much and it has left him broken. He worries that one day he will lose the kid too. It's easier to lose pigs.

Families can be assigned/created for other players.

Storyteller - kids usually find him in the square. He tells stories about the past. The villagers thinks it's all made up. Some is, but not all. 

Old Megrin - She grows herbs. The kids like her but think she is a witch.

Tobin - Grows turnips. Doesn't like kids. He is helped by his son, Kort, who is a bit simple after falling down the well as a child.

Other kids parents.

Village is nestled in a large copse of trees around an old road that leads between the forest path and the downs. An ancient watchtower overlooks the area from a hill inside the forest. It's said to be haunted. It doesn't date from the time of Omera, but from the wars after. Towards the edge of the forest are some cliffs that drop down to the river. Some caves exist there. Previously used by smugglers. The kids mustn't go there as it could contain bandits or worse. Not that they have many bandits in the area as there is not much to steal.

Kort says there are voices in the well.

Megrin says there are Nixies in the forest who will lead you to your doom. Probably Nixies down the well.

It is said that an old wizard lives in a cave in the downs.

Boab keeps a few goats. He used to keep cows but something in the north field spooked them and their milk turned, so they got ate. Megrin says it was Nixies, Boab says it was goblins. Before he went missing, Boab's son Jeth, said he saw glowing eyes in the north field at night. Boab doesn't talk about his son. No-one does.

Urnst grows wheat in the north field now. He said there is nothing there. He sells most of his wheat in the town. He makes a lot of wheat. It's a wonder how he harvests it all on his own. He has no family, though it is said he has people in the town.

AREA
----

The ruins of the mythical lost city are actually under the enchanted forest. They are mostly underground as debris from the cataclysm 1200 years ago buried the city. Magic seeping through the ground has enhanted the forest. Even the bandits largely stick to the old trade road, cleared 500 years ago by King Ivreth IV and largely unused since the fall of the kingdom 150 years previously, the increse in bandit activity and the opening of the coastal routes.


